---
categories: fiction
---

While most of our work days are nothing to write home about, first days on a job do have enough new experience. I had joined this job after more than 6 months between jobs and was also looking forward to it and the associated paycheck. It was a research lab at an academic institution and I showed up on time on the first day. Until they found me a longer term location they asked me to sit on one of the empty locations. Maybe out of instinct, I found one close to the door and opened their website on my laptop. I wanted to appear informed before my first meeting with the boss. A location near the door is full of activity and it was easy to pay close attention to everything except to what was on the laptop. I noticed that every hour or so a girl would come walking and brush against my chair. While initially I may have spread myself too much for a first day, I quickly moved closer to the desk to give more walking room behind me. This helped little as the brushing against my chair continued and every time it was the same girl. Not to appear rude, I didn’t look up immediately but I took a quick look at her when I thought she was looking away. While I could only see her from the sides, she did not look or sound like someone I knew. I could not wait for formal introductions when we would be officially introduced to each other. On the pretext of a break, I followed her from a distance the next time she stepped out, checked my clothing, and when our paths crossed on return, I gave her a smile. That is when I saw that she couldn’t see.
